About Our Team
关于我们的团队： 

Project Lead: Eric
团队领队：Eric
Eric Nelson, CS major. I'm interested in the machine learning and computer vision aspects of this project as well as ensuring everyone's individual success.
Eric Nelson, 计算机专业， 我对这个项目的机器学习和计算机视觉方面感兴趣，也对确保每个人的个人成功感兴趣。

Anthony:
Anthony DiGiovanna, CS major. I'm fascinated by machine learning and artificial intelligence. Working with structure from motion and NeRFs on the backend.
Anthony DiGiovanna, 计算机专业， 我对机器学习和人工智能很着迷。在后端与来自运动的结构 (structure from motion) 和NeRFs (神经辐射场)合作。

Amaan
Amaan Qureshi, RPI EE & Math dual who enjoys CS and reverse engineering in his free time and is working on the API for this project
Amaan Qureshi，电子工程和数学双专业，在空闲时间喜欢CS和逆向工程，正在为这个项目开发API。

Dylan
Dylan Taylor, CS major. I enjoy how computation is used to solve everyday problems, and I'm working more on the services and managing containers area of the project.
Dylan Taylor，计算机专业， 我喜欢如何用计算来解决日常问题，我现在更多的是在项目的服务和管理容器领域工作。

Sam
Sam DeMarrais, a computer science and computational biology major. I'm working on the front end, and I hope to learn more about how machine learning, web servers, and websites function by working on this project.
Sam DeMarrais, 我是计算机科学和计算生物学专业的学生。我正在做前端的工作，我希望通过这个项目的工作，更多地了解机器学习、网络服务器和网站的功能。

Yuk Ting （钰婷）
Yuk Ting Kong, CS major, building python web server with flask.
Yuk Ting Kong (江钰婷), 计算机专业，用flask构建python网络服务器。

Annie
Annie Xu, CSE dual CS major at RPI. I am currently working on back end of the project with a focus on structure for motion. I looove snacking and badminton.
Annie Xu，我是RPI的计算机科学工程双计算科学专业的学生。我目前正在进行项目的后端工作，重点是运动的结构。我喜欢吃零食和打羽毛球。

Keqian （可芊）
Keqian Wang （王可芊）, CS major, working on accepting video from front end with flask in python
Keqian Wang，计算机科学专业，致力于用python的flask从前端接受视频。 

Grey （丁浩）
Hao(Grey) Ding, CS & MATH dual major student, enjoy video games and movies, plan to clear Death Stranding by October, current struggling in Vue and Js
丁浩，计算机科学和数学双专业学生，喜欢视频游戏和电影，计划在10月前完成《死亡搁浅》，目前在Vue和Js中奋斗。

Jackie （赵家炜）
Jiawei (Jackie) Zhao. I am a RPI computor science dual ECON student and working on the front end portion of this project. Learning vue.js framwork, HTML, CSS along the way.
赵家炜（Jackie）。我是RPI计算科学和经济学的双料学生，正在从事这个项目的前端部分。一路学习vue.js框架、HTML、CSS。